God's elite.
He's the official experience.
I'm going to have a moment to go blind.
If you comment, like, share, share, share, share, share, share, share.
In the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States, in the States,
God, this thing is a fire in Canada.
If you want to ask this, I'm for cuts, and I'm going to say that we're going to have a little bit of money, and we're going to have a little bit of money, and we're going to have a little bit of money, and we're going to have a little bit of money, and we're going to have a little bit of money, and we're going to have a little bit of money, and we're going to have money.
Sustain orders to sit in the splipe, the idem fries to Marc and V.A.V.
In the field of phonons, we have volunteered to meet, singing and to meet Tans and Nachamal Gantz, who is the common writer.
Okay, nice.
I wish you a good night.
Marc, you have a good night.
Mark got this thing, says, Alice wasn't here for me yet, he said, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here to meet Mark, Alice was here
Good, can't you meet my friend?
Yeah?
On the course?
Do you have a meeting client and meet Martin?
Yeah!
Okay?
Okay!
before I'm scared.
I'm tired for all the time That first question came to me because In name is kind, in name is kind That's to buy me a base, like all the cysts That stood through my shoes, make me fall against That stood in me against, to wear my blanks That's how they leave me
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Hapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapte haapt
Yeah, super, okay?
See ya!
We are very proud of you.
We are proud of you.
I know from the past one here, my name is Martin, past two Martin, and I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
Hosts on the Wallen-au-Vin-Fahl, Gasty-Dietzum, Ernst Amal, here, St. Hans Härstle, the common heisen, on the Härstwän, the honour, on the host, the two-oy common.
Wäncy, I am farseen, dear, from Woeielsheist, and how we decline.
We will come and say, if you are frustrated, that during infinity, I may give my son a new bones.
We are going to talk a little bit about how we are going to work together.
We are going to talk about how we are going to work together.
that become the influence of the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience, the audience.
The finals, the Sophie Lequinde d'Arcinte, and Ale Vermillion is so weak.
Okay.
Alequinde grows on Klein, yet stirs the obliquely to the regime here, and then comes the anti-infos, which are in the next side, by one's pursuit.
Tindy
The city is over, so in the next side, the city can make no guns, because it's not a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun, it's a gun
Plots, harm, no harm, sultan, on the next 30 minutes, they treat the twelfth.
On the second day, Natulik al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al-Adiza, al
I am very happy to be here with you.
I like to thank you very much.
Good.
We are going to invite you to join us today.
Thank you very much.
We climb, or we grow and spend the high-to-east to come to Infact in the game in other activities that we hear too, for art, in Veeam.
Then we go to the Infact in the game and go to the game and go to the game and go to the game and go to the game and go to the game.
This is the first time I've ever seen this video.
This is the first time I've ever
feels like the Alspayons.
So when do in the Messian game make the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end?
in Andrin Gebieten has to hide the kind bargain that we have in the world.
So we have been working on this for a long time.
We have been working on this for a long time.
Oh, you see it here, this is a toy and royal ranger, Hampton.
It's a royal ranger, it's a big fat fender, it's a little bit of copper, it's a little bit of gold, it's a little bit of gold, it's a little bit of gold, it's a little bit of gold, it's a little bit of gold, it's a little bit of gold, it's a little bit of gold, it's a little bit of gold, it's a little bit of gold, it's a little bit of gold, it's a little bit of gold, it's a little bit of gold, it's a little bit of gold.
for a crapshine game.
It's so funny.
It's beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful,
That's right.
Thank you very much.
Wow.
They are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty, they are angsty
I don't know what to say, but I don't know.
I don't know what to say.
Manatee, you know, can't.
We just want to attack.
We want to attack.
And all the people who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there.
Ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever,
And then had to see.
Don, don't you smooch to me for that health and ambition.
Don, fingers and ambition and a breeze, ambition, wind.
Oh, that is a stupid question.
I want to ask you to come to a wind.
I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here,
He is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one
So, hmm, the doctor says, he is a slave and found fear.
He says, he is a arbiter.
What happens in his shit?
Oh, God!
Yes, his headphones begin on.
On time, for he is a spark.
What does that mean?
What does it mean?
I think it's a good idea.
And now, I'm going to show you how to do it.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
What is happening?
And that's his gun's shtill.
Wister, so is this, but man Jesus shown import for her angry ladenut, or the cantonosagon, but man Jesus, you know, some leaping, angry ladenut, temporary kind of stop.
Then is that a pain?
We are not going to be able to do this.
We are going to be able to do this.
Kani Lehien.
Imstume.
Yeah.
Mitten Imstume.
Come on.
Lehien.
Manjisusta Paist.
This is Nito and Dumas Lehien.
Son don't.
Weilman.
I have a Paist.
Manjisusta Paist.
Mitten Imstume.
Don't worry.
Kinda.
I'm stopping.
Then Kani Suka.
Lared.
Mitten Imstume.
of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house
It's the same thing.
It's the same.
in suit trading.
A thousand, five hundred, five, one tricy kilometer, nerdly, fawn, estra, y habbe, hui, de nachshart.
On tau, open, baras a piz in keltar, what's here?
On tau baras a gansna malen, mon tak, morgan, shul tak.
Visas a num deen, frouche dekstish,
We have a lot of guests, we have a lot of people, we have a lot of people, we have a lot of people, we have a lot of people, we have a lot of people, we have a lot of people, we have a lot of people, we have a lot of people, we have a lot of people, we have a lot of people, we have a lot of people,
There were guns now, by the way.
There were guns now.
Gefarly.
Guns, gefarly.
So, we have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people
I'm not sure if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm going to ask you if I'm
It's not just me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's
That's exactly what I want to say.
I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that
Blatch!
I never know.
Ooh, what's with mama, Sagen?
She had Sophia, she had to get spout, and we didn't know where Stephen would come and solve that.
We didn't know where Stephen would come and solve that.
We didn't know where Stephen would come, and we didn't know where Stephen would come.
Shunt rip again.
That's it.
It's very important to be honest.
It's very important to be honest to be honest to be honest to be honest to be honest to be honest to be honest to be honest to be honest.
Oh.
It's not easy, it's not easy.
It's not easy.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know.
I don't know what to say.
I think it's a very important thing.
It's a very important thing.
One son's been in and kicking a lot.
One fell in one just again, you know, my arm.
I'm a boy, don't you?
This man needs.
He had me first ticked.
Hinta was a gross ancestor.
They are in Simashtant.
I was taught a niece so long ago and come by nine.
Had to hang his head, I was bet.
Channette comes to the city near me.
In the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city.
Is it possible for us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
It don't be light!
It probably gave me a...
No, he shouldn't.
and the system needs to shoot.
Still before, the worst and best way to do it is to make a difference.
And to make a difference, to make a difference, to make a difference.
And to make a difference, to make a difference.
I am a human man, and I am a human man.
I am a human man.
There are many people who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there, who have been there,
when we fail a tune, that's also beginning.
There's two to be surveilled, much more movement.
How is it?
It's a little unangy name.
Obisago highness.
Not here.
The angst will be wicked blossom.
Yeah.
My bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad
He had a singing in it.
He had a hope and a fast, so feel we do.
Yeah.
My mind hurts, but we don't know.
The angst of a fake blossom.
He hadn't forgiven me, but they would have forgiven me for my life.
And for my life.
But this video is so good.
It's so good.
It's so good luck to happen.
It's so good to be here.
to ask a woman who needs to be read the story of a child.
And this is what we are going to do.
We are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going
and a good note in him and with a scant leap.
Or it has to be Logan.
The light was front.
The light was on papal mama.
Or a flightier man danden.
Dangihin un sak, destud me light, das van nichtenorden, y haben nichte var echizakt.
Un van der astust, y vais.
It's a very difficult game.
I am very happy to be here today.
And when we forgive and beat them, the truth is to give them a pamper, and to forgive them.
And when we forgive them, we forgive them.
Yeah, yeah.
My son's having me for steak at our esteem, then he's angsta.
How about when he's became
What do you think?
It's really so important to have.
It's really important, but it's a much cooler bed.
It's really my bestest turn.
It's really important to have a lot more.
I can't see her.
Yes, I can't see her.
Thank you very much.
I am very proud of you.
This country, yes, Marcin, order ours.
So how's it?
Amen.
On the new month of the year, Marcin was born in New Orleans.
He was born in New Orleans.
This was no ice, but gone and had a lesson since they forgave one.
Jesus, thank you, dear, for this entargue.
Thank you to us to make lips.
Thank you to us to make for minor angst, be fried, mechters.
Mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's mechte, it's me
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
We are going to talk about these things.
If you want to know more about it, please give us a thumbs up and give us a thumbs up and give us a thumbs up.